Remove kuksa.val and VSC references (#128)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/concepts/development_model/vehicle_app_sdk/_index.md

### Model

> A model contains services, data points and other models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A model contains data points (leaves) and other models (branches).
```
